Yeah, that's it.
That's the spot. That's good.
- Cheryl tight same spot.
- Yeah.
- Only Chunhua can fix.
- All right. I hope so.
Cheryl so nice. She's so pretty.
Cheryl too good for you!
And Ted Danson.
He's handsome and flexible.
- Oh, really?
- Yes.
Don't be jealous!
You brittle like wood!
You are so skinny.
- Why you no eat?
- I eat. I eat plenty.
Your skin so dry.
- You drink water?
- Yeah, I drink water.
Not enough!
This is...
Oh, yeah, that's good.
I like that.
- That's nice.
- Finish!
Huh? That's it?
What about this?
You're done?
You want happy ending?
No, I don't--
Happy end--
No. You've only done 35 minutes.
- I paid for an hour.
- No! No, no, no, no.
- I don't want a happy ending!
- No! No, no happy ending!
I don't want a happy ending!
I just want an ending!
- No, no, no. I no happy ending!
- Are you nuts?
- What are you doing?
- You mess with wrong person.
The woman's out of her mind.
That's all I said. "That's it?"
She gave me 35 minutes.
You know, and the whole massage
she's going...
"Oh, you too skinny.
You need to eat.
You have bad skin."
So, she's insulting you
the whole time--
She's insulting me
the whole time,
and then she threatens me
at the end
for something I didn't even do.
- That's scary shit.
- Scary.
I'm a little nervous.
You know, she's...
- she's kind of off her rocker.
- You know what?
Cheryl was always talking
about her,
but I never used her.
I had a hunch about her.
If you had a hunch,
why didn't you say something?
Well, a hunch can be wrong,
so I keep my hunches to myself.
No. A hunch is something
that's shared.
Otherwise, it's just a thought
in your head.
A hunch is like a sneeze,
gotta let that shit out.
- Exactly. Eleanor Roosevelt...
- Yeah?
...what if she had a hunch
about Pearl Harbor?
Is she supposed to keep that
to herself,
or should she tell her husband?
"Franklin,
I have a very bad feeling
that something awful
is going to happen
at Pearl Harbor tomorrow.
You must get the ships out."
Could you imagine if she told
Franklin the day after?
"Franklin,
I had a hunch about that."
"Eleanor, you stupid twat."
"Why didn't you say something?"
- You're rewriting history.
- You had no hunch.
No, you didn't have
no fucking hunch. Know why?
'Cause your fucking shoulders
didn't go up.
Your shoulders didn't move.
And that mannerism's
only good for hunches and shit.
See? I had a hunch.
You can't use that shit
for, "Fuck you."
Or, you know,
"You cheated on me.
You ain't shit.
Don't come back here no more."
- It's exclusive to the hunch?
- Fuck yeah, it is.
You don't use that shit
nowhere else.
Gentlemen. How's everything
tasting over here?
- I'm the owner.
- Great salad.
Are you Ollie or Al?
Actually, those are made up
deli owner characters.
- My name is Lorenzo.
- Oh, okay.
Let me know
if you need anything, huh?
- Thank you.
- Will do.
Fucking berries
are fucking delicious.
You know what they say,
the darker the berry,
- the sweeter the juice.
- What do they say?
Darker the berry,
meaning the darker you are,
- the sweeter your juice is.
- What?
If a cannibal ate me,
that motherfucker would be like,
"Mm! (SMACKS LIPS) Wow,
this motherfucker's delicious."
You're saying that cannibals
prefer Black people
- to White people?
- Fuck yeah, they do.
I think he's got a point,
'cause Dahmer mostly ate
- Black people, did he not?
- Yep. He did.
If the motherfucker did,
he'd have to add
condiments on you motherfuckers.
- Like, shit...
- Yeah.
Yeah, you need condiments
for White people.
Hey. Ho-ho-ho-ho.
I got some great news.
I got a call from
Bruce Springsteen's manager.
Bruce Springsteen is coming
to town on his farewell tour,
and he wants to meet you.
- He wants to meet me?
- Yeah.
- What?
Wow.
He was really moved
by you taking on that voter law.
Get the hell out of here.
- Are you good with that?
- Yeah.
Great. It's exciting.
I'll call his manager.
Fantastic.
The Boss.
Hey,
what if I walked like this?
You start walking like that,
man,
they gotta give you
your own fucking lane.
That way it won't throw regular
motherfuckers off. You know?
- This is, like, good exercise.
- Yeah.
- And I'm making progress.
- I like that shit.
- Huh?
- You're moving along,
people see it,
everybody'll start doing it.
It could catch on.
And then they'll add you
to the evolution of man chart.
Like motherfuckers
who walk normal,
- and then all of a sudden,
at the end...
- Yeah.
...like modern day motherfuckers
walk like this.
- Right.
- Next thing you know. You see?
You go down in history.
Shit.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
- Fuck you doing, man?
- Trying to get the zipper up.
Do that shit
in the car, man.
It's easier to do it standing.
- You gotta jiggle it.
- Yeah, I'm jiggling.
- You ain't jiggling right.
- What is it with these zippers?
- You're not a good jiggler.
- Larry.
- Hey, Les.
- How's it going?
Eh, you know, I can't get this
zipper up here, but whatever.
I haven't seen you
since Young Larry.
Yeah. Oh, hey, Leon,
this is Les McCrabb.
He directed two
of the Young Larry episodes.
- My man.
- Anyway,
I just wanna tell you
that my episodes
have had tremendous feedback.
People have been saying
they don't look like
any of the other episodes.
Yeah, they did have a-- a--
a distinctive look.
I only ended up doing
the two episodes,
- but I'd love to do some more.
- Oh. Um, well--
Between you and I, I think
I'm gonna be busy anyway.
I'm in talks about this, um,
Waze app feature.
A movie, uh,
based on the Waze app?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Ron Howard's people.
- Uh-huh.
A guy called Jeff Donat.
- Jeff Donat.
- Right. Jeff Donat.
- Yes,
he's in charge
of the whole thing.
- Do you know him?
- Don't think so. No.
I'm told he's way up there.
He works with Ken Puffin.
- Nice.
- Sounds like a good idea?
No. Not really.
I didn't really wanna talk
about that.
What I do wanna talk about
is my manuscript.
Hang A Lantern On It.
- Hang A Lantern On It.
- Yes.
- Did you like it?
- Oh, uh, I loved it.
Which bit did you like the best?
Yeah, I-- I mean, there were--
Oh, my God, there's so many.
We need to talk about it
because I need your opinions
before it goes
to the publishers.
So, it'd be great
if you could give me
any ideas that you have.
Yeah, well, no,
we'll discuss the book.
It's great.
It really is.
Well, we could now.
I mean, there's a seat here.
You know what?
I can't do it now.
I-- I-- You know, um,
I gotta take my friend.
He's getting a, uh,
shingles vaccine.
- We're kind of late. So...
- Does he have shingles?
No, no,
it's to prevent the shingles.
It's just recommended.
You should get one too.
Well, you should get one.
You know what shingles means?
- It's herpes.
- Oh!
- What the fuck?
- Okay. Yeah.
And you've been sat
in the car with him?
He doesn't have it.
I wouldn't get back in that car.
Wait a fucking minute.
- It can kill men your age.
- Food for thought.
Thing is, Larry,
time is of the essence
with this book.
I'm about to go away,
and where I'm going,
there's no mobile phone,
so I'll be off the grid,
as they say.
- Oh. Where are you going?
- A yoga retreat.
I plan to get
a complete clear out.
Have you had
a complete clear out?
No. What is a clear out?
Let's just say
it's a very delicate matter
where nothing is left
to the imagination.
I'm imagining.
There's an old saying at home,
"Every hole is a goal."
Mm.
Do you want a hand
with this zipper?
- Oh.
- Hold this.
What?
Uh, you don't really have to.
- No, I don't mind at all.
- Les. Uh, Les.
- You gotta jiggle that shit.
- There we go.
- Oh. Oh, wow.
- Whoa.
- Hey! Look at that.
- There we are. Yeah.
- Good job there, Les. Yeah.
- Look. Don't forget to call me.
- I'm only here for a week.
- Motherfucker.
Absolutely. I'll call you.
Hey, go fuck yourself,
Crabby. Jeez.
Oh, my God.
That's the last guy in the world
- I wanted to run into.
- What was that, man?
He's the worst director
we ever had.
I'd never hire him again.
- You read his book?
- No, I didn't read his book.
But you know what?
Now I have to.
If you weren't spending
so much time on the zipper,
we would've been fucking out
of here by now.
It's true.
The zipper delayed me.
We would've been gone.
I never would've run into him.
And being feeble
didn't allow you
to fucking get that zipper
back on track.
Wait... Wait a second.
Wait a second.
So you're saying
that I couldn't get
that zipper up
because I'm enfeebled?
Feeble motherfuckers don't
even know they fucking feeble.
- Okay, you know what?
- Hmm?
When we get back to the house,
you're gonna put
this sweater on.
I wanna see you put
that zipper up.
I'll zip it up.
You know how many times
I've had to throw my pants
on real quick?
- Bullshit.
- And the lady's husband shows up
or her boyfriend shows up,
I gotta put that motherfucker
on quick.
I never derail.
You got zipper karma.
You fuck with the zipper,
and the zipper fuck with you.
Ah, can't believe
I gotta read that book now.
Oh, okay.
You must be Larry's new lawyer, huh?
Mm-hmm. I'm Sibby Sanders.
Hey, Sibby. Good to meet you.
- Yeah. My name's Leon Black.
- Hi, Leon.
I like that lipstick you got on.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
That shit's beautiful
on your mouth.
- Hmm.
- Mm. What's it called?
- It's called, "Don't go there."
- Okay.
- Okay. I see what's up.
- Mm-hmm.
You need anything?
- No, I'm good. Thank you.
- Yeah.
Let me ask you a question.
In that bungalow
I got back there,
I had a lot of hit and runs.
You know what I'm saying?
So, if you ever wanna get
in an accident,
that could be, uh, T-boned,
sideswiped, head on,
or rear ended. You feel me?
Mm-hmm.
Well, look at you.
You look great.
Really?
It's not me. It's just, uh--
- I love it.
- The jury's not gonna buy this.
- It's perfect.
- They're gonna see
through this act.
- I feel like a phony.
- How does he look?
Like a mortician. Like you 'bout
to bury a motherfucker.
- Don't listen to him, Larry.
- So you guys have met?
You ever have hot chocolate
in the house again,
you let me know.
Yeah.
We got a little pending hit
and run case we're working on.
- You know?
- Okay. Get the fuck out of here.
- Get lost.
- See you later.
He lives here?
Yeah. I'm so sorry.
But I don't know what he said,
but I'm sure it wasn't pleasant.
I'm used to it. It's okay.
So, the trial is in a few weeks,
and it's gonna be more about you
and how you're perceived
than the facts.
The facts are indisputable.
You gave her the water.
So it's gonna come down
to the jury saying,
"Do we like Larry
or do we not like Larry?"
Well, if it's coming down
to that...
- Mm-hmm.
- ...it's no contest.
- Okay?
- That's right.
Not in that suit.
- Leon, will you get that?
- I got it!
And in terms of being likable,
you know what my mother used
to say?
"What's not to like?"
Larry, did you ask my masseuse
- for a hand job?
- What?
Oh, shit.
- No!
- She's not a sex worker.
She's a masseuse.
She's a professional woman.
- Never, never did that. No.
- Larry.
- Is this true?
- I didn't do that, okay?
She misinter--
It's so disrespectful.
I didn't do that!
Cheryl, she misinter--
- It's bullshit. This is--
- Hey, Larry.
Don't talk to her like that.
That's a woman right there.
- No, that's not--
- Thank you.
That's my ex-wife.
That's not a woman.
- Yeah.
- By the way, I'm Cheryl.
Sibby Sanders. I'm his lawyer.
- Oh. Good luck.
- Mm-hmm.
This whole thing's
a misunderstanding. Okay?
She gave me a massage, and then
she stopped after 35 minutes,
and I went, "That's it?"
And she misinterpreted it.
True or not true,
this is an ugly accusation
at the worst possible time.
You gotta fix this.
You gotta handle this
before the trial.
She is very upset, Larry.
Maybe I should go over there
and talk to her and make sure
she's even qualified
to be giving hand jobs
to people.
I don't think that's necessary.
Does she like Bruce Springsteen?
I-- Well-- Who doesn't like
Bruce Springsteen?
- I mean, I can ask her.
- Okay. All right.
I'm seeing him tomorrow.
I could introduce her
to him, maybe.
Why are you seeing
Bruce Springsteen?
Eh, he wants to meet me
because of, uh, Atlanta.
So you're gonna introduce her
to Bruce?
You know, I'll try.
Wow, that would be big.
That would be nice.
- That would be really nice.
- And hopefully that'll fix it.
And if Chunhua's gon' be there,
then maybe Bruce Springsteen
would like a hand job.
Oh, my God.
He changed his rating
from a C to an A.
You're kidding me.
And you saw him do it?
- I saw him do it.
- He should've said B.
If he said B,
it's not that far from A.
- You'd eat in a B?
- A B? Yeah, I'd eat at a B.
Springsteen eats at a B.
I'm shocked.
I gotta tell you,
I'm completely shocked.
- Well, B's not that bad.
- Yeah.
I've eaten at a thousand
and one Bs.
I mean, I'm eating here.
I don't even know what this is.
What's the rating on this dump?
Bruce, my house is an A-plus.
Trust me.
- You know what I'm thinking?
- Hmm?
I'm thinking I should call
the health department
- on this restaurant.
- No, don't get involved.
Why? Is that squealing?
I don't even think
that's squealing.
I don't know
if it's full-tilt squealing,
but it's... it's squealish.
You could be eating
in that restaurant,
getting sick, and dying
because it's a C.
I could've saved your life.
I know one thing
about Larry David.
Larry David is a man
that gets involved.
Thank you, Boss.
May I call you Boss?
- Yeah.
Sure, sure.
- Eh.
Hey, the thing in Georgia,
the balls it took
to put yourself
in that situation.
I told myself,
"I wanna meet Larry David.
- This guy is a hero of mine."
- Thank you.
Now, you know,
he knew the woman.
It didn't take
a whole lot of balls, really.
The woman in Atlanta?
- Yeah. He knew her.
- That you gave the water to?
Why don't you mind
your own fucking business?
- Who cares?
- I'm just saying.
- It's just a fact.
- Talk about squealing.
I still know
I'm getting arrested.
I gave her the water.
You knew
you were gonna be arrested?
Well, I knew it was
against the law.
- Yeah.
- And you didn't care.
Les McCrabb.
This guy sent me a manuscript
of his book.
He asked me if I read it.
I said I did, I loved it,
and now, he's calling me
to have an in-depth conversation
about it.
Same thing happened
to me.
A musician gave me a demo
of a band that he liked
and thought could go somewhere.
I get the tape. I put it on
for two seconds, I took it off.
- I never listened
to the rest of it.
- Who was this?
I don't wanna say.
You know, I mean, we're friends.
- Who was it?
- No, we're friends.
I don't wanna...
- You can tell me. Boss, come on.
- I don't wanna say.
- Come on. Come on, Boss.
- It was Don Henley.
- Don Henley.
- And now,
I'm self-conscious
if I get a phone call from him
or if I see him somewhere.
Sure, yeah. Yeah.
I would avoid him
for the rest of my life.
That's... That's the situation
you've got yourself
- into with Mr. McCrabb...
- Yeah. Yeah.
- ...or whatever his name is.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Les McCrabb.
- Yeah.
- That is great news.
God. Farewell tour
completely sold out.
Isn't that awesome?
- Hey.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- That's great.
- Yeah.
- Thank you very much.
Larry, good to see you again.
Again?
I'm sorry.
I do this all the time.
I forget
that I haven't told people.
It's been like 20, 25 years.
I used to work at Universal
when you were at Seinfeld,
and, uh, I used to be Kendra.
And now, I'm Ken.
Remember Kendra?
Mor...
Kendra Morris?
Kendra Morris. Yeah.
Hey. Oh. Wow.
I don't know
if you guys know this,
- but Larry and I
used to hook up.
- Eh.
Let's just say it.
- Sure, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
- It's no big deal.
It's no big deal.
Sure. When you were Kendra.
Yeah.
We had some great times.
Yeah. Yeah. Good times.
Good times.
It's crazy you guys haven't seen
each other in so long.
Wait a second. Wait a second.
That... That's my water.
- I don't think so.
- I'm 100 percent positive
that's mine.
I-- You know, I follow my water
like it's
a three-card monte game.
I put my water down
where I can
comfortably reach it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But as you can see, this is--
It's within my hash marks.
It's in your hash marks?
- It's within my hash marks.
- All right, got it.
- This one's fine.
- Yeah.
- I'm fine.
- Yeah. That's...
It's so good to see you, Larry.
It is crazy how long it's been
since we've seen each other.
- Yeah.
- You look great.
- Oh, that's so nice.
- Still a sexy beast.
Look at you. Look at you.
- Doesn't he look great,
you guys?
- Yeah.
You-- You've changed,
uh, quite a lot.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah.
Some people say that I'm as hot
as a man as I was a woman.
- Uh.
- So...
- Eh...
- This guy.
We had this little thing.
I don't know what it was.
Larry would come over
to my place--
You know, nobody's really
interested in reminiscing
and going over this stuff.
It's boring, really. You know.
- It's not boring.
- I am. I'm interested.
I wanna hear
a little more about this.
Do you remember this?
You'd come over,
and every time we were intimate,
we would have sex on the floor.
On the floor?
- Yeah.
- I'll tell you one thing.
Sorry.
I didn't make you out
for a floor fucker.
Why'd you wanna have sex
on the floor, Larr?
Because if you have sex
on the floor,
nobody wants to hang out
on the floor afterwards,
so you can, you know,
put your coat on and go home.
So, you don't have to bond
or, you know,
talk or cuddle afterwards, yeah.
All right, so what?
Who wants to talk to somebody
you've had sex with?
I'm sure there was cuddling
before, though.
Oh, yeah,
when Larry wanted something,
Larry was real cuddly.
Weren't you, Larry?
And then, uh, afterwards,
nah, not so much.
It's a small world, Larry.
You and Ken sleeping together?
No. No. No.
I slept with Kendra...
not Ken.
- Kendra is Ken.
- Kendra is not Ken.
- No, Kendra's Ken.
- Kendra's not Ken.
- Kendra's Ken.
- I am Ken.
You had sex with me.
Ken is Kendra. Kendra is Ken.
Ken is Ken, Kendra is Kendra,
and never the twain shall meet.
Oh, we've met.
I'm Ken, and we banged it out.
Hey, this was fun.
I'm glad when I came out here
- I got a chance to say hello.
Time to hit it?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Let's get going.
- Think we're gonna
hit it. 'Kay.
- Nice to meet you all.
- Yeah.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice. Yeah.
- See you, Larry.
- Good to see you again.
Wait.
You're leaving already?
We gotta go. I-- We got a thing.
- I'm sorry.
- We had dessert
and everything.
- All right,
thanks for coming by.
- Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
- Pleasure.
- I promise you.
- We have more food.
- I will never mention this
- again, ever.
- Can I help you?
Oh, I'm Chunhua for Larry.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- For Larry?
This is, uh-- This is Bruce.
This is Chunhua.
Oh, hi.
- Bye.
- Yeah.
- Bye-bye.
- What is that, Larry?
- What do you mean?
- That is not introduction.
That was an introduction.
I introduced him.
I said, Bruce, this is Chunhua.
He said hello.
But no handshake, no talk,
not even picture!
I never said anything
about a picture.
I said I'd introduce you.
I introduced you.
No introduction!
You fail! You fail!
- I didn't fail!
- You have nice house.
I didn't--
Was that not an introduction?
It was not a good introduction.
- It was an introduction.
- You bringing
these crazy fucking people
into my house?
Who the hell was she?
Oh, well, she's a ma-- masseuse.
You know what?
Get the fuck out.
You make Bruce leave early.
You bring some crazy broad
in here.
- Just go.
I've had it with you today.
- Fine. Fine.
- I don't need to stay anymore.
- No, you don't.
- What are you doing?
- I gotta zip up
- before I go out.
- What are you, six years old?
You can't do
your fucking zipper?
All right, I'm going!
Oh, hey. Got it.
- Good boy.
- Drop dead.
- Hey.
- I have COVID.
- You do?
- Yeah.
I had a little sore throat,
so I figured I'd take a test.
- What'd it say?
- Positive.
- Do you have two red lines?
- Yes.
It shows the two red lines.
Two red lines.
I fucking hate
the two red lines.
Anyway, you better take a test,
you and Susie.
We will. Hey, by the way,
I was about to call you.
- Turn on channel five, KTLA.
- Okay. Hold on.
Sad news
for Southland music lovers.
Bruce Springsteen
has been diagnosed with COVID.
What the fuck?
He is symptomatic,
which means he's had
to cancel the final show
of his farewell tour
that was set to take place
right here in Los Angeles.
What a shame...
Maybe I was wrong
about whose glass was whose?
- Do you think?
- Get better soon, Boss.
Thirty-six hours
of steady rainfall...
Yeah, I'm just calling people
I've been in contact with.
So, you know, take a test.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
I'm quarantining.
No, the--
It's very disappointing,
because I'd gone years
without getting it.
I felt really special.
Now, I'm just like-- You know,
I'm like everybody else.
It's too bad
I didn't have
more social obligations.
It's such a great excuse.
The fridge is still humming.
I think you need to come back
and fix it,
but I guess you'll have to wait
till I'm better.
Unless you wind up
having COVID.
In which case, you know,
you can come tomorrow.
Yeah, I feel like a pariah.
More than normal.
Thanks for being
so understanding.
Let me know if you get it.
We'll... We'll do something.
- What's up?
- Just contacting people.
Who you got left?
I got everybody but, uh,
this guy, Les McCrabb.
Oh, yeah, the British dude.
I can't really call him
until I read the book.
Man, you gotta let
that motherfucker know, Larry.
This COVID shit real, man.
Don't keep fucking around.
I'll call him as soon
as I read the book.
Come on, I'm sick.
Don't harass me.
Harassing you?
You got me fucked up right now.
I'm over in that bullshit-ass,
little-ass house,
and you got the good bathroom.
I can't take number twos
over there. It's too small.
It's pretty sad.
You don't need
all this house, Larry.
I'll switch places
with you, okay?
You get the COVID,
I'll live there.
Shit, I don't want COVID, man.
I don't know what
that shit gonna do to my dick.
How 'bout I get the house
and you live over there?
Maybe you could quarantine
with me if you had COVID!
Hey, don't do it.
Larry, don't do it.
- Don't do that shit, Larry.
- If you had COVID!
No, no, no, no, no, no!
So then Tony says,
"America's not going
to like that."
He was always speaking
as if his name was "America."
Any time the writers wrote
something a little audacious...
...a little salacious,
Tony would poo-poo it
in the name of "America."
This became increasingly evident
when I was directing
Herman's Head.
- You negative yet?
- Positive.
Shit.
It's bad enough
Bruce had to cancel
his farewell tour,
maybe indefinitely,
but his health is actually
a real issue,
and we don't know
how this is gonna turn out.
Yeah,
Bruce Springsteen is saying
he got COVID
from Seinfeld co-creator,
- Larry David.
- What?
He tweeted,
"I got COVID from spending time
with Larry David.
If you think you're sick...
Oh, come on. That's bullshit.
You don't know that!
...don't invite people
to get together."
And Larry's got a trial
coming up at the end
of the month in Atlanta.
Getting the Boss sick?
That is not a good look.
Oh, my God.
Bruce tweeted,
"I want to apologize
to all my fans.
I am heartbroken
to miss my final concert."
- Hey.
- Are you watching this?
- Yeah, I'm watching.
- This is not good, Larry.
Yeah, I know it's not good,
but you know what?
Maybe he gave me COVID.
What are we gonna do about this?
We gotta put out
a statement, no?
Putting out a statement
is just gonna keep it alive
- in the press.
- Wait. Hold on.
Larry?
Hello?
- Larry.
- You were saying?
So, when Larry told me
he caught something,
I thought it might've been
some old people shit.
You know? Like... Like, uh...
Like whooping cough, scurvy.
You know what I mean?
Rickets and shit like that.
- That's why I have
my own Leon cup with a straw.
- Okay, well...
- Oh. To what do I owe the honor?
- Well, Susie told me
about your little
"sex on the floor" trick.
-"Sex on the floor" trick?
- You used to tell me,
"Let's have sex on the floor
because it's hot.
That's how they do it
in the movies."
Oh, you're a floor fucker.
You never told me that shit.
Okay, I like to have sex
on the floor.
- Why?
- So what?
What's the real reason
you wanted
to have sex on the floor?
Because I...
- What?
- What is it?
I don't like to...
cuddle...
and talk.
You don't like to hug the person
you just had sex with?
You can't hit it
and quit it with your wife.
Cheryl, listen,
if after sex you wanted
- to talk about the Rangers...
- Yeah, I know.
...I would've had sex
on the bed every time.
"Hey, how 'bout the way
Breadman's playing?
The way he controls that puck,
it's really amazing, isn't it?"
But you can't say,
"Oh, I love you,
and you're the most
important person
to me in the whole world?"
- People talk like that?
- Yeah.
- They do?
That's what happens
when people have sex.
- They say stuff like that?
- Yes.
They say, "I love you.
You're very special."
Men do that?
Hey, by the way,
that masseuse gave me COVID.
No,
Chunhua did not give you COVID.
- She tested negative.
- Oh.
You know,
she's really angry with you.
- Why?
- You said you were gonna
introduce her to Bruce.
I said an introduction.
Chu-- He said hello.
Did she get a picture with him?
He was leaving!
What am I supposed--
You need to make it right
with her.
Why? What do you mean?
Because she's gonna
take you down.
- What do you mean, take me down?
- She's going to "Me Too" you.
"Me Too" for what?
I didn't do anything!
- You did something.
- Just 'cause I like to have sex
on the floor
does not make me a deviant!
Okay. Well,
you better make it right. Yes.
Hey,
you don't wanna get "Me Too-ed."
I was in a three-way,
shit got messy,
and I got "We Too-ed."
Hey, I'll... I'll...
I'll see you later.
Have you ever had sex
on the floor?
Of course, I did.
Know what's even better?
Fucking in mud.
Hey, hey.
All better!
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
- COVID negative?
- Negative.
Ah. Congratulations.
- Yeah. Oh, boy.
- I got news for you.
- Yeah?
- Susie's got COVID.
- Oh, my God.
- Susie's stuck upstairs.
I got the whole first floor
to myself.
- This is unbelievable.
- Oh, it's a dream.
It's Jeff World down here.
I do whatever I want.
Who's down there
with you, Jeffrey?
- It's Larry.
- Hey.
He's not supposed to be here.
What? I have immunity.
- Oh, you think so?
- And can I tell you something?
I feel like Superman.
- Do you really?
- I can go anywhere, do anything.
How could you be so happy
right now?
You gave Bruce COVID, Larry!
You destroyed his life,
his career.
He might never play
or sing again.
- Poor Boss. Oh, the poor Boss.
- That's right, poor Boss.
- His fans are devastated.
- Oh, the poor fans.
Everybody fucking hates you now.
- Oh.
- It's all your fault.
You're a walking fucking virus,
Larry!
Let me tell you something!
You're the virus!
Injecting yourself
into everybody's lives!
- You're the virus!
You're the virus!
Your entire aura
is viral overload!
I have a fantastic aura!
Jeff, don't I have a good aura?
- A great aura.
- I have a great--
Susie,
leave the man's aura alone.
It's an epic aura.
I have a Hall of Fame aura.
You're small. You're petty.
You're jealous. You're trite.
I would rather be
all those things
than the tattletale you are.
You had to tell Cheryl
I like to have sex on the floor?
- Oh, yeah. I had to tell.
Yes, I did have to tell.
- What the hell is that?
- You're a squealer!
- It was criminal.
You ought to be ashamed
of yourself,
squealing like a little pig.
The fact
that you wouldn't be intimate
and cuddle
with your own fucking wife.
What kind
of ingrate human being are you?
Oh, you know what?
Go fuck yourself.
I hope you're up here
for another three weeks.
You cold-hearted,
COVID-carrying cocksucker!
Hey,
let's go watch the game.
Yeah.
Drove by Ollie and Al's.
- A is still up.
- You're kidding.
- No.
- Where does that guy get off?
I'm gonna talk to him about it.
You have bad foot.
Stop. Go. Stop. Go.
- This no smooth ride.
- Oh, please.
- Herky-jerky.
- Oh, my God.
When we see Bruce today,
I want photo.
Yeah, great.
Yeah, I don't even know
how we're even getting in, okay?
I masseuse.
Masseuse always get in.
- Oh. Yeah.
- Bruce!
- Um. Oh, jeez. Uh-oh.
- Get well soon!
Bruce!
- We love you!
- Bruce!
- We miss you!
Asbury Park rules!
Um, all right,
I gotta pull over.
Why stop here?
- You're gonna have to drive.
- Bruce!
- We're sending our love!
Feel better, please.
- We need you
back on tour, man!
- Bruce!
I still don't get
how you're gonna get in here.
- It's impossible.
- Leave it to me.
We're praying
for you!
Hello?
- Massage!
- Excuse me!
I'm sorry, uh,
we did not order a massage.
Somebody in this house
order massage. Open gate.
No, no one
in this house ordered a massage.
You order massage. 362 Bristol.
Open gate or I leave,
and you pay me.
Uh...
Okay, come on in.
Unbelievable.
Bruce!
Larry.
- Yeah.
- Where Bruce?
One second. Follow me.
Whoo! Springsteen!
A house divided
against itself cannot stand.
Ah.
Hey.
Bruce!
- What the fuck?
- Hey.
- Hey, man.
- Larry.
Yeah.
What are you doing
in my backyard,
and how did you get in here?
Oh, I laid down
on the floor of the car.
She said she was your masseuse.
They let her in.
- What?
- By the way,
there's a lot of people
out there.
Yeah,
because they think I'm dying
from the COVID
I caught from you.
Mr. Three-Card Monte
with the glasses.
That's where it happened.
Hey,
I'm almost 99.9 percent sure
that was my glass, Bruce.
I lost my sense of smell.
I'm so sorry.
There's nothing to smell.
Everything stinks.
It doesn't matter.
- Fuck.
- You're better off.
Hey, what are you watching?
- Uh, Young Mr. Lincoln.
- Lincoln in Illinois?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I love that movie.
A house divided
against itself cannot stand.
That's a good Massey.
Now get the fuck out, please.
Okay. Hey, um,
do you remember Chunhua?
Bruce.
I love you, Bruce.
She didn't get a chance
to talk to you last time.
She-- You know,
she's a big fan.
- She just want one-- Just--
- One photo.
I'm sick as a fucking dog.
It's not really the best time.
- It'll just take one second.
- One photo.
- It'll take one second.
- What?
- Thank you.
- There you go.
Wha-- Larry--
- Okay. There you go.
- Show me. Show me.
Okay, man.
Jesus Christ.
No, Bruce,
only me and reflection.
- What am I supposed
to do?
- Take photo!
This is the last one!
- Larry, Larry...
- Take photo,
- you dumb, bald man.
- ...take the fucking photo!
- I took it! I took it!
- Photo, Larry.
- Larry, what are you doing?
- Oh. Yeah.
You guys can't be here.
- He doesn't feel well.
- Yeah.
- I'm sick.
You gotta get out of here.
I'm sorry about this.
I totally had a hunch
- that this was not
a good idea...
- Yeah, you know,
- you had a hunch.
- ...that you meet Bruce.
That's not a hunch.
I think you want all the credit
for being right
without doing any of the work.
If you had a hunch,
you should've said something.
- There you go. There you go.
- Yeah.
You need to get out of here,
Larry.
All right.
We'll take our leave now.
- Come on. Come on.
Please, no photos. Yeah.
- Ah, Jesus Christ.
- Steven, may I add...
- Let's go.
...we're very honored
and appreciative of the time
- we got to spend here.
- Yep. Let's go.
Mary,
why do you constantly insult me
in front of my friends?
Would we not rather say
the remedy is in our hands?
Fucking Larry.
Do you--
You got what you needed, right?
Oh, my God, it's Larry David!
You gave Bruce COVID,
you psycho!
No, no! No, no, no!
- I didn't give him COVID!
- You ruined the tour.
I had front row seats.
- No, no, no, no, no, no!
- It was my last chance
to see him.
- He gave me COVID! Holy shit!
- Drive! Drive!
No, no, no! Hey, hey!
Go, go, go!
Oh, my God.
Did Patricia Heaton get
a little handsy?
Well, that is a tale
for my next book,
because that's a wrap!
What a piece of shit.
Now you gotta call
that motherfucker.
What's up, fellas?
Keeping it light today.
Lorenzo. I saw what you did.
I saw you change the sign
from a C to an A.
So, I'm not about to eat food
from your restaurant.
That C was undeserved.
Oh, really? How so?
One of my guys had sex
with a waitress on the floor.
Health department found out,
and then, boom, we got a C.
Doesn't even make any sense.
Why have sex with anybody
on a floor?
There's plenty of places
to have sex.
I have a couch in my office.
Maybe he just knows that women
don't wanna hang out
on the floor and...
and that he can have sex
and then just get dressed
and, uh, go about his business.
You know, I considered that,
and that pisses me off
more than this fucking C.
What kind of asshole
doesn't want
to cuddle after sex?
That's what separates us
from animals.
We're not two badgers fucking
in the woods.
We are people
who love one another.
Woman just gives herself
to you like that,
and you're not gonna spend
a little time thanking her?
And the fact
that he couldn't throw
an arm around her,
talk about the rest
of her fucking day.
What's she gonna do?
Where's she gonna go?
It just takes one minute
of common fucking courtesy.
There's never an excuse
not to cuddle.
That guy
is a straight up sick fuck.
Well, you know...
...we don't know anything
about this guy.
Maybe he's just a nice guy
in a hurry.
No. He is a dirty floor fucker
who doesn't deserve
to live amongst us.
You know what?
This is all on me.
- Really?
- The place is clean.
We deserve an A.
I'd like to meet this guy.
- We got something in common.
- You do.
I could probably be friends
with this guy.
I only did it in my house.
He's doing it in restaurants.
- Yeah.
- It's sad to think
that there might be a guy
out there
- who has sex on the floor...
- Yeah.
...and I'm never gonna meet him.
Yeah, that's deep shit
right there.
- All right. Let's go.
- Wait.
What the fuck is happening here?
You read the book.
You know what time it is now?
You gotta call
this motherfucker.
Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah.
One second.
You gotta do
that shit right now?
Every moment counts.
You gonna put
that shit off again,
and this motherfucker's
walking around, spreading Rona.
- Ah. Okay. Got it.
- There you go. See?
Now call that
sorry-ass English motherfucker
and let him know
he got the Rona.
Namaste, sister.
- Thank you.
- Mahmoud!
Lovely to see you again.
Wonderful to see you too, brother.
Bye-bye, phone.
See you in a week.
Hmm.
Here you are, everybody!
Hey, hey, hey!
How is everyone?
Fantastic to see you.
I didn't sleep last night.
I was so excited.
There you are. Give me a kiss.
- Come close.
- Big hugs.
I was hoping you'd be here.
- My brother tells me
you're pregnant again.
- Twins.
- Let's do this.
- All right, Les.
Now, everyone, I want you
to take a cleansing breath
before we take off.
Great. Right, let's go.
Let's not be fucking late.